Added mention about LTS updates in the update doc (#2694)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/snippets/update/notify_support.md

## Notify support

> Please tell support that you have updated your installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inform the support team that you have updated your installation.
```

They update your service portal to match the new version.
This ensures that you receive notifications about new maintenance releases and security advisories for the correct version.

> You can contact support at support@ibexa.co or through your [Service portal](https://support.ibexa.co).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contact the support team at support@ibexa.co or through your [Service portal](https://support.ibexa.co).
```

> You can contact support at support@ibexa.co or through your [Service portal](https://support.ibexa.co).

Reviewer 2: Capitalization inconsistency: Shouldn't "Service portal" be capitalized everywhere?
